[Music]
who has a sound if you break something I
can fix it I have a school for young
people who are like ug we could be your
new family if you like go qureishi where
is she
she should be dead whatever happened up
there made her stronger she's changing
it what
I'm scared I'm gonna lose control bad
things happen to people I love I'm not
giving up on you gee this is what family
does we take care of each other so that
[Music]
power destroyed everything that ever
came into contact with
and tell you
what they don't understand they fear
and what they fear we seek to destroy
are you scared little girl answers to a
man in a chair are you the most powerful
creature on the planet
this is your fault Charles tell me how
we fix this Charles tell me what to do
don't know what to do the girl dies
she's still Jean we can still help
sometimes we want to believe people are
something that they are not
by the time you realize who they are
it's too late
she's coming
you